OK enough of me yapping.
Let's start working on our first webpage.
Now in order to do that we are all going to need a project now in order to create a project.
We just need to create a new folder.
And this is obviously a Mac thing where or I'm sorry any operating system thing.
It's nothing to do with Visual Studio code or actual web development.
But we would need to create a new folder.
Now I'm gonna be creating my folder as you can see in a desktop.
And obviously the same thing would work if you need go to your finder and let's say work document.
I just find it much more straightforward if I'm gonna be working with all my files and folders on the
desktop.
And like I said I would like to create a new folder.
And obviously I would need to come up with some kind of name.
So let's say that I'm just gonna call this Agency out.
Now you can call this however you would like.
Bobby went to town or whatever it doesn't really matter.
So let me save this and now I have to look at it how we can get the folder.
So do our work and project to the Visual Studio code.
First of all let me go back to the file and as you can see we have multiple options.
So first of all I can just click over here on open folder and you know what the settings is for now
a little bit annoying.
So let me just close this and here I can click on it.
And this is gonna give me an option.
So if I go to the desktop I can just click on over here and this will open up the folder in the actual
visual studio.
Now we also have an option of as you notice if I'm working with Visual Studio code that I'm gonna have
this file tab.
Now within the file tab notice again we have either open recent or in general would have open.
Now again this would work the same way we click on open and this is going to direct me to the folder
already because they obviously was just here a second ago.
Now last but not least there is a very nifty feature where we can just drag and drop it.
So if I'm gonna grab this project that I have right now or folder or directory call this whatever you
like and just drag and drop it here and this is gonna do the same thing where as you can see right now
I have my folder available to me and I can start creating files and other folders maybe within this
project folder and basically get up and running with my project.